Booking Ola cabs:

1. Check whether able to book a ola cab without login in.
2. Able to book a cab outside the city limits.
3. Able to book a cab from current location to outside the country limit.
4. Book a cab for Now.
5. Book a cab "Schedule For later" during peak hours/during the mid nights.
6. Choose "Pay By" as "Ola Money" when there is no balance available in it.
7. Try booking a cab by providing Invalid "Coupon Code".
8. Junk values in From and to location and try to book a cab.
9. Try booking a cab without providing any values in From and to destination.
10. Try booking all the available rides for the same destination at the same time.
11. Continuously book and cancel the ride for more number of time simlutaneously.
12. Book the rental cars with maximum package hours.
13. Check the history of your rides in the "Your Rides" page.
14. Check whether able to re-book the cancelled rides.
15. Search ola cabs without entering locations.

Globalization:
1. Try booking a cab for indian location from USA time zone.
2. Try paying a amount in USD for Indian trip.

Compatablity and Platform:
1. Check whether we can enter from location in mobile app and continue with the other details in browser.
2. Have a ola app with updated verion in chrome and old version as a mobile app. Check whether we are able to resume the booking details between both.

Accessibility:
1. Check whether the from and to location can be added via adjusting google maps.
2. Verify entering the from and to via text to speech.
3. Check whether the cab details are shown within 60sec to 2mins.
4. Do we have a provision to cancel the ride while searching for the neraby available cabs.
5. Whether the details are resumed back when we lost the network connectivity in between.
6. Check whether able to locate a destination via google maps when gps is not enabled.
7. Try booking a cab when network

API:
1. Able to book a cab through the respective endpoints without any authorization.
2. Provide the payload for From and To in terms of Latitude and Longitude.
3. Get the available cabs through GET call.
4. Check whether we are able to update the booked ride through PUT call.
